"in the town of Ekibastuz"
"Services"
"Transformer repairs"
"Transformer repairs, overhauls, rewinding, including refurbishment (modification of structural components) and modernisation (changes to rated voltages and power ratings)."
"Power oil-filled and dry-type transformers with a capacity of: 63 kVA, 100 kVA, 160 kVA, 250 kVA, 400 kVA, 630 kVA, 1000 kVA, 1600 kVA, 2500 kVA, 4000 kVA, 6300 kVA, 16000 kVA"
"Input voltage: 6 kV, 10 kV, 35 kV, 110 kV, 220 kV, non-standard"
"Output voltage: 0.23 kV, 0.4 kV, 0.5 kV, 0.66 kV, non-standard"
"Installation/dismantling of transformers, commissioning"
"Professional transformer services: installation and dismantling (including expansion tanks, gas pipes, radiators, silica gel tanks, oil draining and filling), commissioning, rapid on-site visits by specialists for assessment and repair, delivery to and from the repair centre, and disassembly and reassembly of components for transport. We guarantee quality and speed!"
"Welding machine repairs"
"Professional repair and diagnostics of all types of welding equipment: transformers, inverters, semi-automatic machines, plasma cutters and argon arc welding units. Quality guarantee and a convenient equipment collection service."
"About Us"
"The power transformer repair company, sole trader 'Khvatyev', invites you to work with us and offers its power transformer repair services. Our company specialises in the repair of power transformers with a capacity ranging from 25 kVA to 40,000 kVA and carries out the following types of repair work:"
"transformer diagnostics (carried out by lifting the active part)"
"preventative maintenance of transformers on site at the customer's premises"
"repairs without rewinding the windings"
"repairs involving the rewinding of high-voltage (HV) and low-voltage (LV) windings"
"repairs involving the dismantling of the yoke and replacement of winding assemblies"
"The sole trader 'Khvatyev' has its own local logistics and technical facilities (in the city of Ekibastuz), necessary for carrying out the work."
"Year of establishment"
"Repairs"
"Clients"
"Our work"
"Clients"
"Transformer repairs"
"Electrical equipment repairs in Ekibastuz"
"Transformer repairs"
"Contact details"
"Frequently asked questions"
"We'll be happy to answer all your questions by telephone on +7 775 167 00 32. Or simply fill in the form below:"
"Ask a question"
"Name"
"Email"
"Message"
"Send"
"Come and see us!"
"Our address"
"Transformer repairs"
"Urgent transformer repairs (including emergency repairs). Emergency repairs. In 50 per cent of cases, an emergency transformer failure is usually associated with internal damage (deformation of the winding wires and supporting insulation, defects in the wire insulation - caused by overheating during short circuits)."
"Repair of TSZU, TSZ and TSZSU dry-type transformers with insulation made from fibreglass, film and other composite materials (LSK-TT, STEF, NOMEX, etc.)"
"Manufacture of transformers: winding of non-standard transformers in accordance with the customer's technical specifications."
"Electrical measurement work: testing of transformers."
"Repair of concrete heating transformers (transformer substation for the heat treatment of concrete and soil: KTPTO-80, KTPTO-63)."
"Repair of KTP complete transformer substations (dead-end, overhead, cable, and through types)."
"Preventative and major repairs of power transformers"
"Testing and operational checks of 0.4 kV and 10 kV equipment"
"Repair and commissioning of transformer substation equipment"
"Repair of power transformers of the following types: TM, TMZ, TMG, TMF, TSZU and others"
"KTP is the abbreviation for Complete Transformer Substations. Such substations are used to step down the voltage when current is transmitted from a high-voltage line to the consumer network. Prefabricated transformer substations enable the reception of three-phase electricity (50 Hz) with a voltage ranging from 6 kV to 10 kV and convert it into electricity with a voltage of 0.4 kV (380 V). A prefabricated transformer substation comprises a power transformer, a high-voltage input unit and a low-voltage input unit."
"Installation and dismantling of transformers"
"Delivery to (from) the repair workshop"
"Dismantling and reassembly of transformer components for transport to the installation site (installation/removal of the expansion tank, gas pipe, radiators, silica gel tank, and draining and refilling oil)"
"Prompt on-site visit by specialists to the transformer's operating site for a preliminary assessment of the scope and cost of installation and repair work"
"Find out more"
"Repair and maintenance of welding equipment"
"Diagnostics of welding equipment"
"Diagnostics is an integral part of equipment repair. At this stage, the equipment is inspected for faults, the cost of further repairs is determined and agreed with the customer."
"Repair of welding transformers"
"TDM, VDU, VDM, TS-200 and other types"
"Repair of welding inverters"
"Resanta, Fubag, Gysmi, Aurora, Foxweld, Prorab, Kedr, Neon, Sturm, Helper, Blueweld, Telwin, Titan, Forsazh, Cyclone, Paton, Termit, Svarog, Diold, Spets, Profi (Rilon), BestWeld, Feji, Etalon, Elitech, Bimark, as well as many other brands."
"A welding inverter is a device that converts frequency and voltage, followed by the rectification of alternating current to direct current. To achieve this, a variety of power electronic components are used, such as: a diode bridge, various capacitors, MOSFET or IGBT power transistors, a power transformer, diode assemblies, a choke, a control board and much more."
"During the repair, original or superior quality components are used, waveforms are removed from control points, parameters are checked on static and dynamic loading, component replacement sites are covered with acrylic insulating varnish."
"The cost of repairs is determined after diagnosis. By contacting us, you can be  confident in the competence of specialists and the quality of the work carried out."
"Repair of semi-automatic welding machines"
"The service center specializes in the repair of semi-automatic welding machines: Resanta, Fubag, Aurora, Foxweld, Cedar, Blueweld, Telwin, Titanium, Fast and Furious, Python, Corsair, Etalon, Elitech, Cyclone,Termit, Svarog, Diold, Profi (Rilon), BestWeld, Feji, as well as many other brands."
"The main difference between a welding inverter semi-automatic and a welding inverter is the presence of a wire feed mechanism, a gas path, as well as a modified feedback circuit. If a welding inverter provides current feedback, then a semi-automatic inverter provides voltage feedback.  The main components are not much different from the manual arc welding inverter."
"During the repair, original or superior quality components are used, waveforms are removed from control points, parameters are checked on static and dynamic loading, component replacement sites are covered with acrylic insulating varnish."
"Repair of air plasma cutting machines"
"Resanta, Aurora, Foxweld, Cedar, Blueweld, Telwin, Svarog, Diold, Profi (Rilon), Feji, as well as many other brands. The air plasma cutting machine, unlike the welding inverter, has a higher output voltage. This is necessary for the steady burning of plasma arc and is achieved by lowering the transformer coefficient of the power transformer.Gorenje The same air plasma cutting machines have a gas path, a special plasma torch and an oscillator."
"During the repair, original or superior quality components are used, waveforms are removed from control points, parameters are checked on static and dynamic loading, component replacement sites are covered with acrylic insulating varnish."
"Repair of argon arc installations"
"The service center specializes in repairing argon arc installations installations: Resanta, Aurora, Foxweld,Cedar, Blueweld, Telwin, Svarog, Profi (Rilon), Feji, Bimark, Brima and many others."
"Argon arc installations can be divided into 2 classes: direct current and  constant+alternating current. It is the second class that makes it possible to weld aluminum alloys, on which an oxide film is formed, the melting point of which is higher than the melting point of aluminum itself. To remove the oxide film, the cathode sputtering method is used, i.e. alternating current is used. Such devices use 2 inverters: the first generates a constant current, the second converts direct current into alternating current of the desired frequency and shape."
"In the repair of used original or superior quality components, removed waveforms from checkpoints, checked the parameters on the static and dynamic нагрузке, designated component replacement insulation covered with acrylic varnish."
"Fence hardware"
"Fence small equipment within the city Ekibastuz - 1500 tenge."
"Full repair and maintenance of transformers, including emergency work and production order. We guarantee the reliability and efficiency of the equipment"
"Social networks"
"Home"
"Services"
"Transformer repair"
"Transformer assembly and disassembly"
"Welding machine repair"
"Successfully sent!"
"Please provide your name"
"Please provide your email"
"Please write your question"
"Could not send a message. Try it later"
"Message is too long"
"First wind farm"
"PVPP logo"
"GRES 1 logo"
"GRES 1"
"GRES 2"
"GRES 2 Logo"
"Maykainzoloto JSC"
"Bogatyr Komir"
"Bogatyr Komir logo"
"Makkibastuz LLP"
"PROMMASH.KZ"
"PROMMASH logo.KZ"
"Transformer repair | IP 'Khvatyev'"
"IP 'Khvatyev' offers professional transformer repair in Ekibastuz. High-quality installation, dismantling and commissioning services. Call us!"
"transformer repair, transformer revision, transformer rewinding, transformer modernization, transformer installation, transformer dismantling, commissioning, Ekibastuz, IP 'Khvatyev'"
"Professional transformer repair and maintenance in Ekibastuz. Quality and reliability!"
"Transformer repair in Ekibastuz"
"High-quality transformer repair from IP Khvatyev."
"IP Khvatyev"
"Dinmukhamed Kunaev str., 17"
" Ekibastuz"
"Repair and maintenance of transformers in Ekibastuz."
"Professional transformer repair in Ekibastuz. Revision, rewinding, reconstruction and modernization. Call to order the service!"
"Transformer repair, revision, rewinding and modernization | IP 'Khvatyev'"
"High-quality transformer repair in Ekibastuz. Revision, rewinding and modernization."
"Transformer repair services from IP 'Khvatyev'."
"Transformer repair"
"Professional transformer repair, including revision, rewinding, reconstruction and modernization."
"Installation and dismantling of transformers in Ekibastuz | IP 'Khvatyev'"
"Professional installation and dismantling of transformers in Ekibastuz. Commissioning and prompt departure of specialists. Call for an order!"
"Installation and dismantling of transformers | IP 'Khvatyev'"
"High-quality services for the installation and dismantling of transformers in Ekibastuz."
"Installation and dismantling of transformers in Ekibastuz"
"Services for the installation and dismantling of transformers from IP 'Khvatyev'."
"Installation and dismantling of transformers"
"Professional services for installation and dismantling of transformers, as well as commissioning."
"Project image"
"Repairs"
"Services"
"Regions"
"Useful materials"
"Home"
"Navigation chain"
"See also"
"Examples of completed work"
"Open image"
"Close"
"Photo {number}: {work}"
"Video: {work}"
"Pre-estimate the amount of work"
"Hello!"
"Write to WhatsApp"
"Name"
"Phone or email"
"Transformer power"
"Voltage"
"Fault description"
"Nameplate photo"
"JPEG, PNG or WebP, no more than 10 MB"
"Send a request"
"Fill in the name, contact and description of the fault."
"Upload JPEG, PNG or WebP, no more than 10 MB in size."
"The application has been sent. We will contact you."
"The request could not be submitted. Try again or write to WhatsApp."
"For example, 630 kVA"
"For example, 10/0.4 kV"
"What happened, what signs and when they appeared"
"Repair, diagnostics, testing and installation of power transformers."
"Which transformers are accepted"
"When repairs are required"
"How is the work going"
"Deadlines"
"Departure and delivery"
"Tests and documents"
"Warranty conditions"
"What to send for a preliminary assessment"
"Power transformer capacity — from 25 to 40,000 kVA."
"Supply voltage — 6, 10, 35, 110 and 220 kV, as well as non—standard."
"Output voltage - 0.23; 0.4; 0.5 and 0.66 kV, as well as non-standard."
"Major repairs, repairs with and without rewinding the windings."
"We receive the nameplate data, a description of the malfunction and available photos."
"We carry out inspection and defecation; if necessary, we raise the active part."
"We coordinate the scope of work after diagnosis."
"We repair, replace or restore the agreed nodes."
"We carry out the prescribed the scope of the inspection and testing work."
"The time depends on the results of the defect, the presence of damage, the need for rewinding and configuration. We will inform you about the exact deadline after the diagnosis and approval of the scope of work."
"The work is being carried out at our own logistics base in Ekibastuz. Preliminary departure of specialists, dismantling, delivery for repair and re—installation are possible - the conditions are agreed separately."
"The composition of control operations, tests and issued documents is determined by the type of equipment and the agreed volume of repairs. The list is fixed before the start of work."
"Warranty conditions depend on the results of the defect and the agreed composition of the repair. The specific conditions are specified in the offer and the order documents."
"We accept power oil and dry transformers, KTP and individual units. The possibility of repair is determined after receiving the equipment data and diagnostics."
"The reason for the request may be overheating, oil leakage, damage to the inputs and seals, reduced insulation resistance, noise, protection activation or damage to the windings."
"Equipment from the region is accepted with delivery to the workshop in Ekibastuz. The method of transportation, dismantling and return delivery are agreed upon after receiving the dimensions, weight and nameplate data."
"We work with customers of Pavlodar and Pavlodar region. The possibility of departure, dismantling and delivery of equipment to the Ekibastuz workshop is determined on request."
"Own repair base is located in Ekibastuz. On-site inspection, dismantling, delivery to the workshop and re-installation according to the agreed volume are possible."
"Repair of power transformers"
"Repair of power transformers in Kazakhstan | Ekibastuz"
"Major repairs of power transformers 25-40 000 kVA, 6-220 kV. Diagnostics, rewinding, testing and installation."
"We repair power transformers of various designs: from diagnostics and preventive maintenance to major repairs with the replacement of winding blocks."
"We work with oil and dry power transformers, including equipment of standard and non-standard design."
"Diagnostics is required in case of overheating, abnormal noise, oil leakage, damage to insulation, inputs or windings, as well as after protection operation."
"Repair of oil transformers"
"Repair of oil transformers 6-220 kV | Ekibastuz"
"Diagnostics and repair of oil transformers: the active part, windings, seals, oil, inputs and tests."
"We carry out major repairs of oil transformers with diagnostics of the active part and restoration of the agreed nodes."
"We accept power oil transformers of the TM, TMZ, TMG, TMF and other series in the confirmed power and voltage range."
"Leaks and deterioration of oil condition, damage to seals, overheating, defects in inputs, insulation and windings are the reason for defects."
"Repair of dry transformers"
"Repair of dry transformers | Diagnostics and rewind"
"Repair of dry transformers TSZ, TSZU, TSZSU and other types. Diagnostics, restoration and testing."
"We repair dry transformers with insulation made of fiberglass, film and other composite materials."
"We work with dry transformers TSZ, TSZU, TSZSU and other types after checking the design and initial data."
"Verification is necessary in case of overheating, insulation breakdown, short circuit, mechanical damage to coils or changes in operating parameters."
"Repair of transformers TM, TMZ and TMG"
"Repair of transformers TM, TMZ, TMG | Ekibastuz"
"Major repairs of TM, TMZ and TMG transformers: diagnostics, windings, oil, seals and tests."
"We carry out repairs of common TM, TMZ and TMG oil transformers, taking into account differences in the design and oil compensation system."
"We accept TM, TMZ, TMG and similar designs; we evaluate the possibility of modernization according to the technical specification."
"Typical applications are related to oil leaks, worn seals, damaged inputs, overheating, insulation defects and windings."
"Repair of CTP and transformer substations"
"Repair of CTP 10/0.4 kV | Substation maintenance"
"Repair of KTP 6-10/0.4 kV: power transformer, 0.4 and 10 kV equipment, installation, commissioning and testing."
"We repair complete transformer substations of dead-end, through, overhead and cable versions."
"We are checking the power transformer, the high voltage input device and the low-side equipment within the framework of the agreed order."
"Handling is required in case of malfunction of the transformer, switching equipment, contact connections, insulation or equipment of 0.4 and 10 kV."
"Rewinding of transformer windings"
"Rewinding of transformers VN and NN | Ekibastuz"
"Repair and rewinding of windings of the high and low sides, replacement of winding blocks and restoration of transformers."
"We carry out rewinding of windings of the high and low sides, and if necessary — loosening of the yoke and replacement of winding blocks."
"The decision to rewind is made after diagnosing the active part and assessing the condition of the wire, insulation, magnetic circuit and fasteners."
"Rewinding may be required in case of short circuit, breakage, overheating, wire deformation or irreversible damage to the insulation."
"Transformer diagnostics"
"Transformer diagnostics with lifting of the active part"
"Diagnostics of power transformers, defects and inspection with lifting of the active part to determine the amount of repair."
"Diagnostics helps to determine the nature of damage and agree on a reasonable amount of repair before the start of basic work."
"We carry out defecation of oil and dry transformers; for oil equipment, an inspection with lifting of the active part is possible."
"Diagnostics is needed after an emergency shutdown, in case of overheating, leakage, noise changes, insulation deterioration or before major repairs."
"Transformer tests"
"Transformer tests after repair | Ekibastuz"
"Control checks and tests of transformers after the renovation. The scope of work and documents are agreed upon for the equipment."
"We carry out electrical measurement and control work as part of repairs and during equipment operability checks."
"The composition of the tests is determined by the type of transformer, voltage class, repair performed and initial technical data."
"Inspections are required after repair, intervention in the active part, rewinding, installation or, if necessary, confirm the condition of the equipment."
"Installation and disassembly of transformers"
"Installation and disassembly of transformers | Commissioning"
"Dismantling, delivery, assembly, installation and commissioning for power transformers and KTP."
"We carry out dismantling and installation of transformers, disassembly of components for transportation, draining and filling of oil and commissioning."
"We work with expanders, gas pipes, radiators, silica gel tanks and other components that are removed for transportation."
"The service is needed when replacing equipment, sending it for repair, transferring it to another site or assembling it after transportation."
"Emergency transformer repair"
"Emergency transformer repair | Damage diagnosis"
"Diagnostics and urgent repair of transformers after emergency shutdown, short circuit and internal damage."
"After an emergency shutdown, it is important to preserve the initial data, not to re-enable without checking and to organize diagnostics."
"We accept power oil and dry transformers after accidents, short circuits and protection operation."
"Internal damage may include deformation of the wire and the support insulation, overheating, insulation defects and windings."
"Repair of transformers in Pavlodar"
"Repair of transformers in Pavlodar and the region"
"Repair of power transformers for enterprises of Pavlodar and the region with diagnostics, delivery to the workshop and testing."
"We accept applications from enterprises of Pavlodar and Pavlodar region for diagnostics and major repairs of transformers."
"Repair of transformers in Ekibastuz"
"Repair of transformers in Ekibastuz | Own workshop"
"Transformer repair in Ekibastuz on its own basis: diagnostics, rewinding, testing, installation and delivery."
"Own logistics base in Ekibastuz allows you to perform diagnostics and coordinated repairs of power transformers."
"Transformer repair for Astana enterprises"
"Transformer repair from Astana with delivery to Ekibastuz"
"Receiving transformers from Astana for repair at the Ekibastuz workshop. Diagnostics, rewinding, testing and logistics coordination."
"We accept requests from Astana enterprises for equipment repair with delivery to the Ekibastuz repair base."
"Transformer repair for Karaganda enterprises"
"Transformer repair from Karaganda in the Ekibastuz workshop"
"Repair of power transformers from Karaganda with delivery to Ekibastuz: defects, windings, oil and tests."
"We accept requests from Karaganda enterprises for diagnostics and repair of transformers at the base in Ekibastuz."
"Transformer repair for Almaty enterprises"
"Transformer repair from Almaty with delivery to Ekibastuz"
"Acceptance of power transformers from Almaty for repair in Ekibastuz. Diagnostics, restoration and testing."
"We accept applications from Almaty enterprises and coordinate the delivery of equipment to the repair base in Ekibastuz."
"We are analyzing the issue"
"What to pay attention to"
"To pre-assess the situation, send a photo of the nameplate, power, voltage, description of the signs and circumstances of their appearance."
"How to understand that a transformer needs major repairs"
"Signs of transformer overhaul"
"What signs indicate the need for transformer overhaul and why the decision is made after a defect."
"One sign rarely gives a definitive answer: the decision on major repairs is made after diagnosis and evaluation of the active part."
"Major repairs are considered when local restoration is insufficient: damaged windings, insulation, magnetic circuit or several connected nodes."
"The volume cannot be reliably determined by external inspection alone. An oil transformer may require lifting the active part and successive defecation."
"Repeated protection trips or emergency shutdown."
"Overheating, noise changes, insulation odor or traces of internal damage."
"Unsatisfactory condition of windings, insulation and fasteners according to diagnostic results."
"Transformer repair with and without rewinding"
"Repair transformers with and without rewinding: the difference"
"When the transformer is repaired without rewinding, and when it is necessary to manufacture or replace the high-voltage and low-voltage windings."
"Rewinding is not necessary for every repair: the choice depends on the condition of the wire, insulation, geometry of the windings and measurement results."
"Rewinding can be dispensed with if the windings remain functional, and defects relate to inputs, seals, oil, connections or other maintainable components."
"In case of inter-turn short circuits, breaks, strong deformations and irreversible damage to the insulation are considered by rewinding the high-voltage, low-voltage or replacing the winding block."
"Do not make a decision to rewind based on external signs only."
"Compare the cost of restoration with the amount of confirmed damage."
"After intervention, provide for coordinated inspections and tests."
"What tests are needed after transformer repair"
"Transformer tests after repair"
"Why are transformers tested after repair, and what determines the scope of the test procedures and documentation?"
"The tests confirm the result of the work performed, but their composition depends on the equipment and the actual intervention."
"After the current repair and after work with the active part, a different amount of control is required. It is determined by the type of transformer, voltage class and replaced nodes."
"The list of measurements and issued documents must be agreed upon before the start of the repair so that the result meets the customer's task."
"Record the initial data and the amount of repair performed."
"Coordinate the list of control operations."
"Check the set of final documents before issuing the equipment."
"TM, TMZ and TMG: differences and typical malfunctions"
"Transformers TM, TMZ, TMG: differences and repairs"
"How do the TM, TMZ and TMG transformers differ and which malfunctions require diagnosis and repair."
"The TM, TMZ and TMG series relate to oil transformers, but differ in tank design and the method of compensating for changes in oil volume."
"Design differences affect the inspection procedure, the range of seals, oil handling and access to individual components."
"The same external signs may have different causes, so the series and full nameplate data are needed already at the preliminary assessment stage."
"Oil leakage and the condition of welds or seals."
"Condition of the inputs, contact connections and insulation."
"Overheating, noise and signs of damage to the windings."
"Repair of KTP 10/0.4 kV: stages and documents"
"Repair of KTP 10/0.4 kV: stages of work"
"How is the repair of KTP 10/0.4 kV: inspection of transformer and equipment, approval, repair and inspection."
"The CTP includes not only a power transformer, therefore, the defect is carried out taking into account the equipment of the high and low sides."
"First, the completeness, circuit and malfunctions are recorded, then the transformer, switching equipment, insulation and contact connections are evaluated separately."
"After approval, repairs and scheduled inspections of equipment of 0.4 and 10 kV are carried out. The set of documents depends on the composition of the order."
"Transfer the diagram, nameplate data and description of the shutdown."
"Coordinate the repair boundaries of the transformer and KTP equipment."
"Clarify installation, delivery and final checks."
"Transformer emergency exit: what to do in the first hours"
"Transformer emergency repair: first steps"
"What to record after an emergency shutdown of the transformer and what data to transfer to the repair organization."
"The first steps should preserve safety, initial data and the ability to correctly determine the cause of damage."
"Do not turn on the equipment again without the required check. Record the protection readings, external signs, sound, smell, traces of oil and the circumstances of the shutdown."
"After ensuring safety, prepare a photo of the nameplate and damage. This data will help determine the format of diagnostics, transportation, and repairs."
"Ensure the safe disabled state of the equipment."
"Save the protection readings and the chronology of the event."
"Do not disassemble the components until the condition is fixed and the diagnosis is approved."
"Transformer diagnostics with lifting of the active part"
"How is the diagnosis with lifting of the active part"
"Which allows you to check the lifting of the active part of the oil transformer and how the results affect the amount of repair."
"Lifting of the active part allows you to inspect the components that cannot be fully evaluated from the outside, and justify the scope of repairs."
"After preparation and opening, check the available parts of the windings, insulation, fasteners, connections and the condition of the active part."
"Detected defects are recorded and used to coordinate repairs without rewinding, rewinding individual windings or deeper restoration."
"Prepare nameplate data and operational history."
"Record the results of inspection and defects."
"Coordinate repairs only after assessing the detected damage."
"Transformer repair"
"Repair of power, oil and dry transformers"
"Select the type of equipment: power, oil and dry transformers, TM, TMZ, TMG, KTP and rewinding of windings."
"Diagnostics, testing and installation"
"Transformer repair and maintenance services"
"Diagnostics, testing, installation, dismantling and emergency repairs of power transformers."
"Geography of service"
"Repair of transformers for enterprises of the regions"
"The repair base is located in Ekibastuz. The conditions for departure and delivery of equipment are agreed upon request."
"Expert materials"
"Articles on transformer diagnostics and repair"
"Practical materials on malfunctions, diagnostics, rewinding, testing and repair of transformers."
"Repair of the 315 kVA transformer"
"Modification of the TMG-63 kVA circuit from 6 to 10 kV"
"Manufacture of KTP for 63 kVA transformer and metering installation"
"Rewinding of the 630 kVA transformer high-voltage winding"
"Repair of the 1000 kVA transformer"
"Drying of oil and active part of TFZM-220, replacement of seals"
"Modernization of the 400 kVA dry transformer"
"Dismantling and removal for repair of the 1600 kVA transformer"
"Repair of TMF-1600 kVA"
"Revision of the transformer TRDNS-25,000 kVA"
"Revision and testing of TSL-2500 kVA transformers"
